Change TZNG examples/refs to ZSON (#2312)
brimsec/zq: zst/README.md

### Hello, world

> Start with this zng data (printed in human-readable [ZSON](../zng/docs/zson.md)
> text format):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start with this zng data (shown as human-readable [ZSON](../zng/docs/zson.md)):
```

0
===
```

To see the detailed zst structure described as ZSON, you can use the `zst`
command like this:
```
zst inspect -Z -trailer hello.zst
```

which provides the output (comments added with explanations):

```
{

>     a: null (string),                // First, the schemas are defined (just one here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a: null (string),                // First, the schemas are defined (just one here).
```

    b: null (string)
}
{

>     root: [                          // Then, the root reassembly record

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    root: [                          // Then, the root reassembly record.
```

        {
            offset: 29,
            length: 2 (int32)
        } (=0)
    ] (=1)
} (=2)
{

>     a: {                             // Next comes the column assembly records
>         column: [                    // (again, only one schema in this example, so only one such record)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a: {                             // Next comes the column assembly records.
        column: [                    // (Again, only one schema in this example, so only one such record.)
```

            {
                offset: 0,
                length: 16
            }
        ] (1),
        presence: [] (1)
    } (=3),
    b: {
        column: [
            {
                offset: 16,
                length: 13
            }
        ],
        presence: []
    } (3)
} (=4)
{

>     magic: "zst",                    // Finally, the trailer as a new zng stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    magic: "zst",                    // Finally, the trailer as a new zng stream.
```
